docs: update Line Protocol doc url from 1.6 to 1.8 (#129)
influxdata/influxdb-client-python: README.rst

    - into csv, raw data, `flux_table <https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-python/blob/master/influxdb_client/client/flux_table.py#L5>`_ structure, `Pandas DataFrame <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.html>`_
    - `How to queries <#queries>`_
- Writing data using

>     - `Line Protocol <https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v1.8/write_protocols/line_protocol_tutorial>`_

Reviewer: Please use `latest`.

```suggestion
    - `Line Protocol <https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/latest/write_protocols/line_protocol_tutorial>`_
```

.. marker-writes-start

The `WriteApi <https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-python/blob/master/influxdb_client/client/write_api.py>`_ supports synchronous, asynchronous and batching writes into InfluxDB 2.0.

> The data should be passed as a `InfluxDB Line Protocol <https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v1.8/write_protocols/line_protocol_tutorial/>`_\ , `Data Point <https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-python/blob/master/influxdb_client/client/write/point.py>`_ or Observable stream.

Reviewer: Please use `latest`.

```suggestion
The data should be passed as a `InfluxDB Line Protocol <https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/latest/write_protocols/line_protocol_tutorial/>`_\ , `Data Point <https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-python/blob/master/influxdb_client/client/write/point.py>`_ or Observable stream.
```
